
## **IMPORTANT NOTICE**

## **Contacting Cirrus Logic Support**

For all product questions and inquiries, contact a Cirrus Logic Sales Representative. To find one nearest you, go to [www.cirrus.com.](http://www.cirrus.com/)

For the purposes of our terms and conditions of sale, "Preliminary" or "Advanced" datasheets are non-final datasheets that include but are not limited to datasheets marked as "Target", "Advance", "Product Preview", "Preliminary Technical Data" and/or "Preproduction." Products provided with any such datasheet are therefore subject to relevant terms and conditions associated with "Preliminary" or "Advanced" designations. The products and services of Cirrus Logic International (UK) Limited; Cirrus Logic, Inc.; and other companies in the Cirrus Logic group (collectively either "Cirrus Logic" or "Cirrus") are sold subject to Cirrus Logic's terms and conditions of sale supplied at the time of order acknowledgment, including those pertaining to warranty, indemnification, and limitation of liability. Software is provided pursuant to applicable license terms. Cirrus Logic reserves the right to make changes to its products and specifications or to discontinue any product or service without notice. Customers should therefore obtain the latest version of relevant information from Cirrus Logic to verify that the information is current and complete. Testing and other quality control techniques are utilized to the extent Cirrus Logic deems necessary. Specific testing of all parameters of each device is not necessarily performed. In order to minimize risks associated with customer applications, the customer must use adequate design and operating safeguards to minimize inherent or procedural hazards. Cirrus Logic is not liable for applications assistance or customer product design. The customer is solely responsible for its product design, including the specific manner in which it uses Cirrus Logic components, and certain uses or product designs may require an intellectual property license from a third party. Features and operations described herein are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute a suggestion or instruction to adopt a particular product design or a particular mode of operation for a Cirrus Logic component.

CERTAIN APPLICATIONS USING SEMICONDUCTOR PRODUCTS MAY INVOLVE POTENTIAL RISKS OF DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PROPERTY OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE ("CRITICAL APPLICATIONS"). CIRRUS LOGIC PRODUCTS ARE NOT DESIGNED, AUTHORIZED OR WARRANTED FOR USE IN PRODUCTS SURGICALLY IMPLANTED INTO THE BODY, AUTOMOTIVE SAFETY OR SECURITY DEVICES, NUCLEAR SYSTEMS, LIFE SUPPORT PRODUCTS OR OTHER CRITICAL APPLICATIONS. INCLUSION OF CIRRUS LOGIC PRODUCTS IN SUCH APPLICATIONS IS UNDERSTOOD TO BE FULLY AT THE CUSTOMER'S RISK AND CIRRUS LOGIC DISCLAIMS AND MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO ANY CIRRUS LOGIC PRODUCT THAT IS USED IN SUCH A MANNER. IF THE CUSTOMER OR CUSTOMER'S CUSTOMER USES OR PERMITS THE USE OF CIRRUS LOGIC PRODUCTS IN CRITICAL APPLICATIONS, CUSTOMER AGREES, BY SUCH USE, TO FULLY INDEMNIFY CIRRUS LOGIC, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, DISTRIBUTORS AND OTHER AGENTS FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY, INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM OR ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH THESE USES.

This document is the property of Cirrus Logic, and you may not use this document in connection with any legal analysis concerning Cirrus Logic products described herein. No license to any technology or intellectual property right of Cirrus Logic or any third party is granted herein, including but not limited to any patent right, copyright, mask work right, or other intellectual property rights. Any provision or publication of any third party's products or services does not constitute Cirrus Logic's approval, license, warranty or endorsement thereof. Cirrus Logic gives consent for copies to be made of the information contained herein only for use within your organization with respect to Cirrus Logic integrated circuits or other products of Cirrus Logic, and only if the reproduction is without alteration and is accompanied by all associated copyright, proprietary and other notices and conditions (including this notice). This consent does not extend to other copying such as copying for general distribution, advertising or promotional purposes, or for creating any work for resale. This document and its information is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind (express or implied). All statutory warranties and conditions are excluded to the fullest extent possible. No responsibility is assumed by Cirrus Logic for the use of information herein, including use of this information as the basis for manufacture or sale of any items, or for infringement of patents or other rights of third parties. Cirrus Logic, Cirrus, the Cirrus Logic logo design, and SoundClear are among the trademarks of Cirrus Logic. Other brand and product names may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.

Copyright © 2010–2018 Cirrus Logic, Inc. All rights reserved.

**362 Rev 4.6**